README.md, before:

# PandasGUI

A GUI for viewing and analyzing Pandas DataFrames based on PyQt5.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot1.png" alt="Screenshot" width="500"/>

## Installation

Install from PyPi:

```python
pip install pandasgui
```

Install directly from Github for the latest changes.

```python
pip install git+https://github.com/adamerose/pandasgui.git
```


## Usage
View the *iris* and *flights* DataFrames in PandasGUI
```python
import seaborn as sns
from pandasgui import show

iris = sns.load_dataset('iris')
flights = sns.load_dataset('flights')
show(iris,flights)

```

Example of MultiIndex support, renaming, and nonblocking mode. Nonblocking mode opens the GUI in a separate process and allows you to continue running code in the console
```python
import seaborn as sns
from pandasgui import show

flights = sns.load_dataset('flights')
multi = flights.set_index(['year', 'month']).unstack()  # MultiIndex example
show(flights, flightsReshaped=multi, nonblocking=True)

```

## About
This project is still in version 0.x.y and subject to major changes. Issues, feedback and forks are welcome. 

## Features
- View DataFrames and Series
- MultiIndex support
- Copy & Paste from GUI
- Import CSV files with drag & drop
- Tabs showing column statistics and histograms

## Requirements
- pandas
- PyQt5
- seaborn

## Screenshots
DataFrame Viewer
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot1.png)
DataFrame Statistics
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot2.png)
Histogram Viewer
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot3.png)
DataFrame Viewer with MultIndex
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot4.png)

Commit message:

Rearranged demos. No longer uses example datasets

README.md, after:

# PandasGUI

A GUI for viewing and analyzing Pandas DataFrames based on PyQt5.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot1.png" alt="Screenshot" width="500"/>

## Installation

Install from PyPi:

```python
pip install pandasgui
```

Install directly from Github for the latest changes.

```python
pip install git+https://github.com/adamerose/pandasgui.git
```


## Usage
Create a simple DataFrame and view it in the GUI
```python
import pandas as pd
from pandasgui import show

example_df = pd.DataFrame(pd.np.array([[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], [7, 8, 9]]),
                          columns=['a', 'b', 'c'])
show(example_df)

```

Example of MultiIndex support, renaming, and nonblocking mode. Nonblocking mode opens the GUI in a separate process and allows you to continue running code in the console
```python
import seaborn as sns
from pandasgui import show

flights = sns.load_dataset('flights')
multi = flights.set_index(['year', 'month']).unstack()  # MultiIndex example
if __name__ == '__main__':  # This is needed when starting a new process. Not necessary in interactive console.
    show(flights, flightsReshaped=multi, nonblocking=True)

```

## About
This project is still in version 0.x.y and subject to major changes. Issues, feedback and forks are welcome. 

## Features
- View DataFrames and Series
- MultiIndex support
- Copy & Paste from GUI
- Import CSV files with drag & drop
- Tabs showing column statistics and histograms

## Requirements
- pandas
- PyQt5
- seaborn

## Screenshots
DataFrame Viewer
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot1.png)
DataFrame Statistics
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot2.png)
Histogram Viewer
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot3.png)
DataFrame Viewer with MultIndex
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adamerose/pandasgui/master/docs/screenshot4.png)
